Update guided-tour.md (#204)
wasp-lang/open-saas: opensaas-sh/blog/src/content/docs/start/guided-tour.md

      title: "Your App Name",
  ```
  :::caution[Restart Your App]

>   After changing the app name, you'll need to rerun `wasp db start`, `wasp db migrate-dev` and `wasp start`! A new database should be created and migrated any time you change the app name. That also means all previous data will be lost!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Upon changing the app name, new, empty development database will be assigned to your app. This means you'll need to rerun `wasp db start`, `wasp db migrate-dev` and `wasp start`.
```
